README.md, before:

open-in-vcs-cli
===============

CLI tool that lets you open the specified line/file/folder/repo in GitHub/GitLab/Azure DevOps

[![oclif](https://img.shields.io/badge/cli-oclif-brightgreen.svg)](https://oclif.io)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/open-in-vcs-cli.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/open-in-vcs-cli)
[![Downloads/week](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/open-in-vcs-cli.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/open-in-vcs-cli)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/open-in-vcs-cli.svg)](https://github.com/Jmorjsm/open-in-vcs-cli/blob/master/package.json)

<!-- toc -->
* [Installing](#installing)
* [install open-in-vcs-cli](#install-open-in-vcs-cli)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [open the current directory in your VCS](#open-the-current-directory-in-your-vcs)
* [open readme.md](#open-readmemd)
* [open readme.md, highlighting line 10](#open-readmemd-highlighting-line-10)
* [open readme.md, highlighting line 10-line 20](#open-readmemd-highlighting-line-10-line-20)
<!-- tocstop -->
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Commands](#commands)
<!-- tocstop -->

# Installing
open-in-vcs-cli can  be installed using npm:
```bash
# install open-in-vcs-cli
npm install -g open-in-vcs-cli
```
# Usage
<!-- usage -->
```sh-session
$ npm install -g open-in-vcs-cli
$ oiv COMMAND
running command...
$ oiv (-v|--version|version)
open-in-vcs-cli/1.0.1 win32-x64 node-v16.13.0
$ oiv --help [COMMAND]
USAGE
  $ oiv COMMAND
...
```
<!-- usagestop -->
## Open
The `open` command is the main command open-in-vcs-cli provides. It allows you to open files, directories, repositories in your version control software, based on the remote url.

### Opening directories
```bash
# open the current directory in your VCS
oiv open .
```
### Opening files
```bash
# open readme.md
oiv open readme.md```
```

### Opening files highlighting a single line
```bash
# open readme.md, highlighting line 10
oiv open readme.md --startLineNumber 10
```

### Opening files highlighting multiple lines
```bash
# open readme.md, highlighting line 10-line 20 
oiv open readme.md --startLineNumber 10 --endLineNumber 20
```
<!-- usagestop -->

Commit message:

add default command syntax to readme

README.md, after:

open-in-vcs-cli
===============

CLI tool that lets you open the specified line/file/folder/repo in GitHub/GitLab/Azure DevOps

[![oclif](https://img.shields.io/badge/cli-oclif-brightgreen.svg)](https://oclif.io)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/open-in-vcs-cli.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/open-in-vcs-cli)
[![Downloads/week](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/open-in-vcs-cli.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/open-in-vcs-cli)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/open-in-vcs-cli.svg)](https://github.com/Jmorjsm/open-in-vcs-cli/blob/master/package.json)

<!-- toc -->
* [Installing](#installing)
* [install open-in-vcs-cli](#install-open-in-vcs-cli)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [open the current directory in your VCS](#open-the-current-directory-in-your-vcs)
* [open readme.md](#open-readmemd)
* [open readme.md, highlighting line 10](#open-readmemd-highlighting-line-10)
* [open readme.md, highlighting line 10-line 20](#open-readmemd-highlighting-line-10-line-20)
<!-- tocstop -->
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Commands](#commands)
<!-- tocstop -->

# Installing
open-in-vcs-cli can  be installed using npm:
```bash
# install open-in-vcs-cli
npm install -g open-in-vcs-cli
```
# Usage
<!-- usage -->
```sh-session
$ npm install -g open-in-vcs-cli
$ oiv COMMAND
running command...
$ oiv (-v|--version|version)
open-in-vcs-cli/1.0.1 win32-x64 node-v16.13.0
$ oiv --help [COMMAND]
USAGE
  $ oiv COMMAND
  $ oiv FILENAME 
...
```
<!-- usagestop -->
## Open
The `open` command is the main command open-in-vcs-cli provides. It allows you to open files, directories, repositories in your version control software, based on the remote url.

The open command is also the default command, so it does not need to be specified after `oiv`.
### Opening directories
```bash
# open the current directory in your VCS
oiv open .
# or
oiv .
```
### Opening files
```bash
# open readme.md
oiv open readme.md
# or
oiv readme.md
```

### Opening files highlighting a single line
```bash
# open readme.md, highlighting line 10
oiv open readme.md --startLineNumber 10
# or
oiv readme.md --startLineNumber 10
```

### Opening files highlighting multiple lines
```bash
# open readme.md, highlighting line 10-line 20 
oiv open readme.md --startLineNumber 10 --endLineNumber 20
# or
oiv open readme.md --startLineNumber 10 --endLineNumber 20
```
<!-- usagestop -->
